java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 1.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 1.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 2.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 2.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 3.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 3.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 4.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 4.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 5.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 5.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 6.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 6.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 7.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 7.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 8.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 8.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 9.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 9.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 10.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 10.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 11.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 11.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 12.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 12.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 13.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 13.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 14.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 14.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 15.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 15.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 16.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 16.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 17.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 17.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 18.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 18.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 19.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 19.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 20.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 20.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 21.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 21.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 22.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 22.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 23.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 23.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 24.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 24.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 25.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 25.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 26.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 26.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 27.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 27.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 28.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 28.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 29.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 29.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 30.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 30.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 31.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 31.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 32.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 32.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 33.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 33.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 34.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 34.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 35.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 35.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 36.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 36.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 37.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 37.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 38.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 38.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 39.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 39.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 40.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 40.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 41.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 41.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 42.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 42.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 43.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 43.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 44.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 44.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 45.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 45.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 46.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 46.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 47.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 47.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 48.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 48.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 49.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 49.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 50.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 50.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 51.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 51.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 52.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 52.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 53.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 53.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 54.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 54.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 55.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 55.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 56.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 56.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 57.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 57.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 58.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 58.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 59.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 59.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 60.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 60.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 61.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 61.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 62.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 62.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 63.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 63.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 64.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 64.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 65.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 65.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 66.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 66.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 67.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 67.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 68.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 68.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 69.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 69.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 70.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 70.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 71.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 71.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 72.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 72.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 73.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 73.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 74.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 74.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 75.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 75.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 76.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 76.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 77.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 77.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 78.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 78.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 79.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 79.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 80.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 80.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 81.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 81.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 82.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 82.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 83.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 83.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 84.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 84.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 85.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 85.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 86.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 86.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 87.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 87.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 88.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 88.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 89.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 89.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 90.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 90.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 91.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 91.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 92.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 92.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 93.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 93.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 94.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 94.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 95.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 95.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 96.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 96.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 97.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 97.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 98.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 98.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 99.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 99.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 100.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 100.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 101.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 101.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 102.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 102.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 103.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 103.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 104.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 104.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 105.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 105.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 106.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 106.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 107.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 107.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 108.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 108.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 109.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 109.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 110.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 110.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 111.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 111.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 112.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 112.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 113.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 113.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 114.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 114.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 115.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 115.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 116.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 116.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 117.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 117.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 118.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 118.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 119.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 119.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 120.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 120.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 121.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 121.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 122.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 122.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 123.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 123.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 124.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 124.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 125.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 125.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 126.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 126.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 127.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 127.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 128.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 128.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 129.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 129.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 130.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 130.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 131.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 131.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 132.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 132.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 133.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 133.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 134.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 134.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 135.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 135.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 136.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 136.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 137.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 137.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 138.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 138.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 139.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 139.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 140.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 140.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 141.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 141.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 142.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 142.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 143.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 143.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 144.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 144.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 145.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 145.txt
java -classpath C:\xalan\xalan.jar org.apache.xalan.xslt.Process -in 146.xml -xsl test.xsl -out 146.txt
